## Rules of <#909041207341113344>

1. The channel is dedicated to all forms of art (visual arts, music, literature and other) related to The Adventures of Reksio, other games by Aidem Media, standalone Reksio character and our fandom. However, bigger projects (either interactive or done in a team) should be held in <#1267124105308536862>. If you're a youtuber or a streamer, you can ask the administration for the role allowing to notify users about your Reksio-related premieres on <#1267124282656428173>. 
2. When posting someone else's piece of art, make sure to let other know that it doesn't belong to you and, if possible, credit the original author. Before sending a message, check if it hasn't been posted before. 
3. Only arts and art-related announcements can be posted directly in the channel. Any comments regarding them are to be posted in threads created below them.
4. Threads are created primarily by <@204255221017214977>, the bot. It automatically creates a thread for each newly posted message containing an attachment or a link. Other messages (including forwarded ones) are removed and placed for 24h in <#1469388904514977997>. During this time, their content may be copied and supplemented with an attachment/link or posted in a correct thread instead. For messages posted before the bot has been set up, all users can create threads themselves. Expected thread name template is: `<message author> <year-month-day> <hour:minute> dyskusja`
5. Every user can post an art-related announcement. It's the correct way of offering your Reksio-related artistic commissions or handicraft. You can also announce a competition or another event related to arts (which may take place in a thread below the message or in <#1389709259708563556>). Updates of projects from <#1267124105308536862> can be announced as well. Inside threads created below announcements, <@&1414295576878649374> (Server Staff) or <@&1471120358244356259> (Da Vinci cat) mentions the <@&1470794783168663695> (Arts Patron) role (self-assigned in <#909039228904689675>).
6. Messages with announcements or literary works must contain an attachment or a link (for the bot not to remove them). For literary works, you can simply attach the work as a text file. For both cases, you can append (a link or a file with) your own promo art or one of premade banners by <@428544684076433409>:
   - short story https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PrzygodyReksiaDiscord/webhooks/main/data/reksiowa-tworczosc/002_en/attachments/02_Opowiadanie_by_swerszcz.png
   - announcement https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PrzygodyReksiaDiscord/webhooks/main/data/reksiowa-tworczosc/002_en/attachments/01_Ogloszenie_by_swerszcz.png

-# Last update: 2026-02-24 19:06
