**1. I don't know how to use Discord!** Here you will find some information for beginners: https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360045138571-Beginner-s-Guide-to-Discord
I would like to change my nickname on the server. How can I do this?
Select “Edit server profile” according to the [instructions](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409388345495-Server-Profiles). Put your name in the “Server nickname” field and confirm.
**2. How can I tag certain users/roles on the server?** Just write the "@" sign before the username/role. Some roles cannot only be mentioned by moderators (e.g. everyone, Herbatka).
**3. The constant mentions/pings annoy me. How can I disable some of them?** You can do this via the “Notification settings” option located in the drop-down list next to the server name on the top left of the screen.
**4. I'm not interested in the activity on some channels. How can I mute them?** You can do this by going to the selected channel and clicking the crossed-out bell icon at the top right.
**5. I can't pin messages, why?** Only selected server members can pin messages. If you want something to be pinned, you can ask a member of the administration for help.
If you know you do possess the permissions for pinning messages, but cannot pin them nonetheless, it’s probably due to 2FA not being enabled for your account. It can be set up according to the instructions here:  https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/219576828-Setting-up-Multi-Factor-Authentication.
**6. I would like to find a selected message/image/recording on the server. How can I do this?** On each channel, in the upper right corner, there is a search engine where you can enter the appropriate keyword or apply a filter. For more detailed [information](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000468588-Using-Search).
**7. There are way too many channels in plain view! How can I hide some of them?** You can hide channels by clicking on the "Browse channels" option located at the top of the channel list. After clicking on the button, you can hide selected channels by unchecking the ☑ on the right of the newly opened list.