**3.2.1.** At the end of each term, an announcement about upcoming elections to the Server Council is posted in <#909038926247907359>. The <#1173383222416122038> (#election-campaigns) channel is also opened for discussing elections. Current Councilors (unless they resign) and anyone who submits their candidacy to a Staff member, the Chairperson of the Council, or publicly in the <#909038926247907359> or ⁠<#909039074059370527> channel will automatically participate in the elections.
**3.2.2.** One week after the announcement (the following Sunday), voting using Discord polls will take place in <#909038926247907359>. It runs __from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.__ Polish time (it is closed  manually). Any user meeting the activity criterion described in section 1.6. may vote for any number of candidates during this time. Self-votes do not count. After 9:00 p.m., the 11 people with the highest number of votes gain the Council member status.
**3.2.3.** If there is a tie for the last positions, the first step of resolving it is through negotiations with the Staff. If this method fails, a supplementary vote is held in the #sala-kolumnowa channel. The vote lasts from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. Polish time the following day and only those who have definitely been accepted into the Council take part in it. If the vote doesn't break the tie, the decision is made by the Staff.
**3.2.4.** Foreign users can also participate in the elections. For the duration of their term as Councilors, they are given the position of Ambassador, the manager of English-language channels. The Ambassador role can also be independently awarded by the Staff to individuals outside the Council.
**3.2.5.** The first decision facing each new Server Council term is the election of the Chairperson. The previous Chairperson or a member of the Staff conducts the election on the #sala-kolumnowa channel. It is not required that all Council members participate. However, it is assumed that non-voters would cast a vote that would negate the advantage of one of the options. The election ends when one candidate gains an advantage that cannot be overcome by non-voters. Self-votes *do* count.
**3.2.6.** The day after the entire procedure is completed, the <#1173383222416122038> channel is archived once again.
