## :flag_us: Rules of <#909041207341113344>

1. The channel is dedicated to all forms of art (visual arts, music, literature and other) related to The Adventures of Reksio, other games by Aidem Media, standalone Reksio character and our fandom. However, bigger projects (either interactive or done in a team) should be held in <#1267124105308536862>. If you're a youtuber or a streamer, you can ask the administration for the role allowing to notify users about your Reksio-related premieres on <#1267124282656428173>. 
2. When posting someone else's piece of art, make sure to let other know that it doesn't belong to you and, if possible, credit the original author. Before sending a message, check if it hasn't been posted before. 
3. Only arts and art-related announcements can be posted directly in the channel. Any comments regarding them are to be posted in threads created below them.
4. Threads are created primarily by <@204255221017214977>, the bot. It automatically creates a thread for each newly posted message containing an attachment or a link. Other messages (including "Add an optional message" from the "Forward To" window) are removed and placed for 24h in <#1469388904514977997>. During this time, their content may be copied and supplemented with an attachment/link or posted in a correct thread instead. For messages posted before the bot has been set up, all users can create threads themselves. Expected thread name template is: `<message author> <year-month-day> <hour:minute> dyskusja`