**8. What is this “installation dir”? And what about `VirtualStore`?** The installation directory is the place where game files from the game disk are copied to when the game is installed (it is not the game disk). The directory is chosen in the installation wizard - it’s a good idea to remember it.
If you don’t know the installation dir, it can still be found by locating the shortcut to the game, right-clicking it and:
- (for a Desktop shortcut) choosing “Open file location”,
- (for a Start Menu shortcut) choosing “More” 🡒 “Open file location” and then right-clicking the icon in the newly opened window and choosing “Open file location” again.
When there is no shortcut, you can make a guess: the game is most likely installed in `C:\Program Files (x86)\AidemMedia` or `C:\Program Files\AidemMedia`. The installation directory is named after the game (e.g. `Reksio Piraci`).
VirtualStore is a place where all changes to the game files (e.g. saves) are stored if the game has been installed in `Program Files` and is not run as administrator. The folder associated with a particular game can be found in `%LocalAppData%\VirtualStore` 🡒 `Program Files` or `Program Files (x86)` 🡒 `AidemMedia`.
**9. Are there any patches or modifications applicable to the Adventures of Reksio series?** Yes. There are official patches available here: https://www.przygodyreksia.aidemmedia.pl/pliki/kogut/kogut.html.
The fanmade ones are listed on the [Adventures of Reksio Forum](https://www.przygodyreksia.aidemmedia.pl/pliki/kretes/forum/reksioforum/viewtopic.php?f=431&t=11297).
You can also search for fanmade modification projects on ⁠<#1267124105308536862>. They will be marked with both the [:wrench: mod] and [<:happy:909045208505794590> reksiowy] tags.
**10. How can I make my own mod? Where should I ask for help?** Take a look at the tools presented in these video tutorials: https://discord.com/channels/822931925618524240/909046389227536426/909215751896977438. If you need help, ask on <#909046389227536426> or <#1267124105308536862>. You can share your progress on the latter too.
**11. This FAQ doesn’t answer my question. Where can I find help/ have a talk on technical matters?** To start with, use Discord Search feature to make sure your question hasn’t been already answered. If that’s not the case, don’t hesitate to ask on <#909046389227536426>.
