**1. I am here for information about Reksiocon/Kretescon. Where can I find them?** All information will be available and updated on the <#1207702694551355488> channel and you can share your thoughts about the event on the <#933764635163766814> channel.
**2. I would love to meet other people who like the Adventures of Reksio series.** Then the <#1140003596646236253> channel will be perfect for it. It is used for arranging meetings. Just tag the appropriate voivodeship (or country) on this channel and express your desire to meet.
**3. Is this Discord the only place where you can find Reksio fans?** Absolutely not! You can also check out the official Facebook group named “Jak będzie w Przygodach Reksia” and the Forum of the Adventures of Reksio. A convenient way to navigate throught the Reksio fandom is to use the "Przygody Reksia" fanmade website. Links to all the mentioned services are available on the <#1180897879557152809> channel. Don’t be scared by posts in Polish. English-speaking people are more than welcome there.
**4. What about the creators of the Adventures of Reksio series? Is it possible to contact them?** Yes! Two of them (Krzysztof Hrynkiewicz and Bartłomiej Brosz) are quite active but they prefer Facebook. You can find them on the official group mentioned on <#1180897879557152809>.
**5. What servers do you cooperate with?** You can see the list of these servers on the <#1180897879557152809> channel.
**6. I would like to invite others to this server. Where can I get a permanent invitation?** Permanent invites can be found on the <#1180897879557152809> channel. There are several links, each for a separate platform (e.g. Discord, YouTube, Facebook) which helps us track down the origin of spamming bots.
