1. To deal with private problems, we use private chats or the channel <#909046538091778048> (only when the argument is in any way related to the topics discussed on the server). Moving quarrels from other parts of the internet here is not welcome.
2. If you are offended by another user's activity, do not be provoked. You can report violation of the rules to the staff.
3. It is not very kind to share messages received via private chats with other users without their consent, especially if doing so would ruin their privacy or reputation. The only exception are cases of scam and bullying, as these may potentially be harmful to more users, therefore should be immediately reported to the server administration, preferably via private message. Otherwise if there is someone on the server who sends you annoying messages in private, remember that you can always block them.
4. The reason for the sanction does not have to be directly related to the rules if the user's behavior spoils the server atmosphere.
5. Technical problems on the server can be reported to <#909039074059370527>.
6. Do not bring up others' wrongdoings just for the sake of it. It's better to remain calm than persistently bring up old, closed and uncomfortable topics, problems and dramas. Prolonging arguments with no intention to end them leads to unnecessary quarrels that disturb the peace of other users, especially when you do it on general channels using vulgar language. Discussing such topics is only acceptable on ⁠⁠<#909046538091778048> on condition that you keep it civil. <:happy:909045208505794590>
7. You can speak English anywhere on the server. But for longer conversations in English or other languages we recommend non-Polish channels: ⁠⁠⁠<#909041188810661898> and <#1173378559037943958>.
8. When using voice channels, you should reduce background noise as much as possible. Watch out for too loud sounds in general!